# Rearden-Co.-NASA-Pete-Conrad-Innovation-Challenge
Rearden Co. | NASA Pete Conrad Innovation Challenge; details my work as CEO of Reardon Co. in the Conrad Innovation Challenge for High School students

• Developed a disposable patch for cardiovascular disease detection (CASI), achieving a three-fold reduction in cost price

• Declared “Conrad Innovators” out of 800+ teams from 50 countries; Only Indian team in healthcare sector out of 75 teams


Technical Details -
Our product is a wearable patch, that analyzes the secretion of apocrine sweat quantitatively. High apocrine sweat secretion has many conclusions and this device provides the service of tracking this amount on a personal level. It will, for the first few days, analyze the average secretion of stress sweat by a person, and according to that, it will make a personalized threshold for the person. 
It is a multi-layered patch that firstly consists of a layer of water that would be in direct contact with the skin. Sweat will be secreted into this layer of water, both eccrine and apocrine sweat. The salt ions like sodium and potassium, from eccrine sweat will pass through a semipermeable membrane into another layer, consisting of pure water. The lipids and proteins from apocrine sweat being macromolecules remain in the first water layer. The first layer would, therefore, contain a light source that will help in finding the density of the solution through refraction. On the diametrical end of the patch will be a device that will measure the refractive index of the solution, by detecting at what angle the light hits the detector. This device would also be connected to our personal devices via Bluetooth connectivity. The outer water layer would contain pores which would regulate the volume of water through pressure control. The layer would externally be covered by a layer of polylactic acid (PLA) with a volume of air in between for extra capacity. The entirety of the patch will also be covered with a layer of PLA.
As the entire patch is bio-degradable, other than the microdevice, it can be worn and thrown in a day, which otherwise would also cause sanitary problems. The device can be attached to the patch externally and is made for indefinite use.


Otherwise be seen as a bane, and turn it into something productive and beneficial is what makes CASI a unique and an unprecedented product. The usage of of stress sweat explores a mechanism which along with giving us reliable data for analysis also gives us much more information such as figures regarding our metabolism or our average levels of stress. The product is comparatively very cheap and has increased accessibility to the population. The idea of reusing the detector and connecting it to our personal devices is one which can benefit the users in both cost sensitivity as well as allowing them to dispose of only the part which would have no use after a day. This recyclability allows for greater levels of efficiency of the product and it's general life cycle. Furthermore, the product is developed with the current global mindset of conserving and preserving the environment. All of the materials used in our product induce no harm to the environment in any way as they are either biodegradable or do not add to pollution in the first case.


The usage of stress sweat for the above features makes the product innovative due to its exploration of a mechanism which along with giving us reliable data, also gives us the figures regarding our metabolism. Comparatively/relatively  very cheap, increased accessibility, Made with the current global mindset of conserving the environment.
